hi guys today we are going to make a
super healthy dish for a change and that
is a salad and this salad is called for
tush and is the Lebanese salad and by
far my favorite salad of all time so
let's get started
so all we need is Spanish onion some
freshly squeezed lemon juice some ground
sumac which you can find in most
supermarkets some cherry tomatoes flat
leaf parsley some mint Lebanese cucumber
lebanese bread and olive oil okay before
we get started we need to preheat the
oven and then put the lebanese bread in
on a oven tray for about 10 minutes on a
moderate oven so it goes nice and crisp
and hard so first thing we do is we just
chuck all these ingredients in that
should be enough the cucumbers Spanish
onion the mint flat leaf parsley and we
just give that a Miss mix
and then we just give a little sprinkle
of sumac and what i've done here is i've
just combined in a jar the olive oil the
lemon juice and the sumac just give that
a shake we'll just drizzle that all over
the salad and once again we'll just give
that a light toss okay so i've got the
lebanese bread i'm just going to
sprinkle that on top crush it up and
we'll just toss that through and you can
have a little bit more if you like so
how easy was that a beautiful refreshing
healthy salad so there you have it a
beautiful refreshing salad one of the
nicest sellers you'll ever have it is by
far my favorite and the tag eNOS of the
sumac and the lemon combine is so so
refreshing and it's so healthy and I'm
going to get stuck into this and I'll
see you next time bye
you